feat(docs): update to docs from sphinx to starlight (#659)
algorandfoundation/puya: docs/src/content/docs/language-guide/arc4.md

Reviewer: Maybe https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0032/ ?

Reviewer: Maybe https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0004/#types ?

Reviewer: Maybe https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0004/#encoding-rules ?

Reviewer: Maybe https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0004/#reference-types ?

---
title: ARC-4
description: ARC-4 encoding, ABI methods, bare methods, and ARC-4 contract structure
---

> [ARC-4](https://github.com/algorandfoundation/ARCs/blob/main/ARCs/arc-0004.md) defines a set of encodings and behaviors for authoring and interacting with an Algorand Smart Contract. It is not the only way to author a smart contract, but adhering to it will make it easier for other clients and users to interop with your contract.

Reviewer: Maybe https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0004/ instead?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ARC-4](https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0004/) defines a set of encodings and behaviors for authoring and interacting with an Algorand Smart Contract. It is not the only way to author a smart contract, but adhering to it will make it easier for other clients and users to interop with your contract.
```
